Race: Holy Lich
RP: 35

undead(16)--
medium(0)--
advanced(4)-- +2 phy +4 cha -2 wis
standard languages(0)--
advanced strength(4)--

lucky lesser/greater(3) +3 to all saving throws
fast healing(6) heal 1 hit point per round
natural armor(1) +1 to AC

flexible bonus feat (4)
skill bonus(2) 1 skill +2/2 skill +1 
skilled(4) extra skill point per level
quick reactions(2) improved initiative

constant divination(3) detect secret doors
spell-like, at-will(spell level*2)-need spell

fast(3) +20 movement speed
flight(4) two extra 2 increase by 10 feet and maneuverability

toxic(1) #cha per day|swift action application|paralytic venom
weapon familiarity(1)-use two weapons

see in darkness(4) see in all darkness regardless of deepness
blindsense(4) 


undead-16
medium-0
advanced-4
stan lang-0
adv str-4
lucky-3
nat arm-3
fast-3
toxic-1


Holy Lich
medium creature
5 foot reach
50 foot movement
+4 str +2 dex -2 wis +4 cha
+3 to all saving throws
thick skin +2 AC
can apply paralytic venom as a swift action with saliva
	number of times equal to cha mod, and it does 1d2 dex damge per round for 6 rounds. save DC(10 + level/2 + cha). making one save stops the venom.
No Constitution score. Undead use their Charisma score in place of their Constitution score when calculating hit points, 
	Fortitude saves, and any special ability that relies on Constitution(such as when calculating a breath weapon’s DC).
Darkvision 60 feet.
Immunity to all mind-affecting effects (charms, compulsions, morale effects, patterns, and phantasms).
Immunity to bleed, death effects, disease, paralysis, poison, sleep effects, and stunning.
Not subject to nonlethal damage, ability drain, or energy drain. 
Immune to damage to its physical ability scores (Constitution, Dexterity, and Strength), as well as to exhaustion and fatigue effects.
Cannot heal damage on its own if it has no Intelligence score, although it can be healed. 
Negative energy (such as an inflict spell) can heal undead creatures.
Immunity to any effect that requires a Fortitude save (unless the effect also works on objects or is harmless).
Not at risk of death from massive damage, but is immediately destroyed when reduced to 0 hit points.
Not affected by raise dead and reincarnate spells or abilities. 
Resurrection and true resurrection can affect undead creatures. These spells turn undead creatures back into the living creatures they were before becoming undead.
Undead do not breathe, eat, or sleep.

